{"id":"37986317783","type":"IssueCommentEvent","actor":{"id":7292002,"login":"planetf1","display_login":"planetf1","gravatar_id":"","url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1","avatar_url":"https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/7292002?"},"repo":{"id":752060266,"name":"PQCA/TAC","url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC"},"payload":{"action":"created","issue":{"url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/14","repository_url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC","labels_url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/14/labels{/name}","comments_url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/14/comments","events_url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/14/events","html_url":"https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/14","id":2271436953,"node_id":"I_kwDOLNOHas6HY2CZ","number":14,"title":"CBOM for “important” OSS projects working group ","user":{"login":"maximilien","id":39187,"node_id":"MDQ6VXNlcjM5MTg3","avatar_url":"https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/39187?v=4","gravatar_id":"","url":"https://api.github.com/users/maximilien","html_url":"https://github.com/maximilien","followers_url":"https://api.github.com/users/maximilien/followers","following_url":"https://api.github.com/users/maximilien/following{/other_user}","gists_url":"https://api.github.com/users/maximilien/gists{/gist_id}","starred_url":"https://api.github.com/users/maximilien/starred{/owner}{/repo}","subscriptions_url":"https://api.github.com/users/maximilien/subscriptions","organizations_url":"https://api.github.com/users/maximilien/orgs","repos_url":"https://api.github.com/users/maximilien/repos","events_url":"https://api.github.com/users/maximilien/events{/privacy}","received_events_url":"https://api.github.com/users/maximilien/received_events","type":"User","site_admin":false},"labels":[],"state":"open","locked":false,"assignee":null,"assignees":[],"milestone":null,"comments":3,"created_at":"2024-04-30T13:08:15Z","updated_at":"2024-05-01T09:52:35Z","closed_at":null,"author_association":"CONTRIBUTOR","active_lock_reason":null,"body":"A working group that could create and curate CBOM (cryptography bill of material) for “important” OSS projects.\r\n\r\nIdeally the resulting CBOM and process to create and updating the CBOM would be submitted to the upstream project. This workgroup would help create these and eventually submit to upstream.\r\n\r\nAs a suggestion, If accepted by the TAC this group could create a CBOM subproject and start collecting the projects to tackle first and creating the CBOM on project releases to get started.\r\n\r\nPlease comment here on where the state of CBOM creation and tools are and whether this working group is warranted. If we have enough interest then I will bring it up to the next TAC.","reactions":{"url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/14/reactions","total_count":0,"+1":0,"-1":0,"laugh":0,"hooray":0,"confused":0,"heart":0,"rocket":0,"eyes":0},"timeline_url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/14/timeline","performed_via_github_app":null,"state_reason":null},"comment":{"url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/comments/2088229141","html_url":"https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/14#issuecomment-2088229141","issue_url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/14","id":2088229141,"node_id":"IC_kwDOLNOHas58d9kV","user":{"login":"planetf1","id":7292002,"node_id":"MDQ6VXNlcjcyOTIwMDI=","avatar_url":"https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/7292002?v=4","gravatar_id":"","url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1","html_url":"https://github.com/planetf1","followers_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/followers","following_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/following{/other_user}","gists_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/gists{/gist_id}","starred_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/starred{/owner}{/repo}","subscriptions_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/subscriptions","organizations_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/orgs","repos_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/repos","events_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/events{/privacy}","received_events_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/received_events","type":"User","site_admin":false},"created_at":"2024-05-01T09:52:34Z","updated_at":"2024-05-01T09:52:34Z","author_association":"CONTRIBUTOR","body":"Update from CycloneDX:\r\n - [Python support has just been added](https://github.com/CycloneDX/cdxgen/pull/1026) in cdxgen\r\n - [Blint](https://github.com/owasp-dep-scan/blint) - work is underway to add support for rust & C\r\n ","reactions":{"url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/comments/2088229141/reactions","total_count":0,"+1":0,"-1":0,"laugh":0,"hooray":0,"confused":0,"heart":0,"rocket":0,"eyes":0},"performed_via_github_app":null}},"public":true,"created_at":"2024-05-01T09:52:35Z","org":{"id":150372837,"login":"PQCA","gravatar_id":"","url":"https://api.github.com/orgs/PQCA","avatar_url":"https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/150372837?"}}
{"id":"37987408305","type":"IssueCommentEvent","actor":{"id":7292002,"login":"planetf1","display_login":"planetf1","gravatar_id":"","url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1","avatar_url":"https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/7292002?"},"repo":{"id":752060266,"name":"PQCA/TAC","url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC"},"payload":{"action":"created","issue":{"url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/8","repository_url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC","labels_url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/8/labels{/name}","comments_url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/8/comments","events_url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/8/events","html_url":"https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/8","id":2234197551,"node_id":"I_kwDOLNOHas6FKyYv","number":8,"title":"Docs / website / education working group","user":{"login":"maximilien","id":39187,"node_id":"MDQ6VXNlcjM5MTg3","avatar_url":"https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/39187?v=4","gravatar_id":"","url":"https://api.github.com/users/maximilien","html_url":"https://github.com/maximilien","followers_url":"https://api.github.com/users/maximilien/followers","following_url":"https://api.github.com/users/maximilien/following{/other_user}","gists_url":"https://api.github.com/users/maximilien/gists{/gist_id}","starred_url":"https://api.github.com/users/maximilien/starred{/owner}{/repo}","subscriptions_url":"https://api.github.com/users/maximilien/subscriptions","organizations_url":"https://api.github.com/users/maximilien/orgs","repos_url":"https://api.github.com/users/maximilien/repos","events_url":"https://api.github.com/users/maximilien/events{/privacy}","received_events_url":"https://api.github.com/users/maximilien/received_events","type":"User","site_admin":false},"labels":[],"state":"open","locked":false,"assignee":null,"assignees":[],"milestone":null,"comments":4,"created_at":"2024-04-09T19:54:03Z","updated_at":"2024-05-01T10:45:05Z","closed_at":null,"author_association":"CONTRIBUTOR","active_lock_reason":null,"body":"From last week’s TAC call we agreed to propose a working group for documentation / website / education.\r\n\r\nIndividuals interested in participating should comment on this issue for when the TAC approves this request.","reactions":{"url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/8/reactions","total_count":0,"+1":0,"-1":0,"laugh":0,"hooray":0,"confused":0,"heart":0,"rocket":0,"eyes":0},"timeline_url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/8/timeline","performed_via_github_app":null,"state_reason":null},"comment":{"url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/comments/2088278288","html_url":"https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/8#issuecomment-2088278288","issue_url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/8","id":2088278288,"node_id":"IC_kwDOLNOHas58eJkQ","user":{"login":"planetf1","id":7292002,"node_id":"MDQ6VXNlcjcyOTIwMDI=","avatar_url":"https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/7292002?v=4","gravatar_id":"","url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1","html_url":"https://github.com/planetf1","followers_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/followers","following_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/following{/other_user}","gists_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/gists{/gist_id}","starred_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/starred{/owner}{/repo}","subscriptions_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/subscriptions","organizations_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/orgs","repos_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/repos","events_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/events{/privacy}","received_events_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/received_events","type":"User","site_admin":false},"created_at":"2024-05-01T10:45:04Z","updated_at":"2024-05-01T10:45:04Z","author_association":"CONTRIBUTOR","body":"I would like to propose that we use [pq-code-package/documentation](https://github.com/pq-code-package/documentation) to start assembling docs - for example on security policy. Think of this as a development space - so we would add a caveat of being unapproved docs until gone through the pqca or pq-code-package tac/tsc\r\n\r\nIdeally we don't want to write things twice, so new projects are likely to mostly refer to pqca level material. open-quantum-safe may be an exception as it's well-established. \r\n\r\nIn addition the initial number of contributors is likely small, and dealing with multiple sites is probably unnecessary overhead.\r\n\r\nWe can leave the repo (and website link) at the current location, add a redirect, or move to pqca if preferred.\r\n\r\nOnce we have more content we can review again, and split if desired.\r\n\r\npragmatic?","reactions":{"url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/comments/2088278288/reactions","total_count":0,"+1":0,"-1":0,"laugh":0,"hooray":0,"confused":0,"heart":0,"rocket":0,"eyes":0},"performed_via_github_app":null}},"public":true,"created_at":"2024-05-01T10:45:06Z","org":{"id":150372837,"login":"PQCA","gravatar_id":"","url":"https://api.github.com/orgs/PQCA","avatar_url":"https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/150372837?"}}
