{"id":"36541318524","type":"IssueCommentEvent","actor":{"id":7292002,"login":"planetf1","display_login":"planetf1","gravatar_id":"","url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1","avatar_url":"https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/7292002?"},"repo":{"id":752060266,"name":"PQCA/TAC","url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC"},"payload":{"action":"created","issue":{"url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/2","repository_url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC","labels_url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/2/labels{/name}","comments_url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/2/comments","events_url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/2/events","html_url":"https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/2","id":2184315367,"node_id":"I_kwDOLNOHas6CMgHn","number":2,"title":"Creation of Working Group for Project Security Governance/process","user":{"login":"TheFoxAtWork","id":33327273,"node_id":"MDQ6VXNlcjMzMzI3Mjcz","avatar_url":"https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/33327273?v=4","gravatar_id":"","url":"https://api.github.com/users/TheFoxAtWork","html_url":"https://github.com/TheFoxAtWork","followers_url":"https://api.github.com/users/TheFoxAtWork/followers","following_url":"https://api.github.com/users/TheFoxAtWork/following{/other_user}","gists_url":"https://api.github.com/users/TheFoxAtWork/gists{/gist_id}","starred_url":"https://api.github.com/users/TheFoxAtWork/starred{/owner}{/repo}","subscriptions_url":"https://api.github.com/users/TheFoxAtWork/subscriptions","organizations_url":"https://api.github.com/users/TheFoxAtWork/orgs","repos_url":"https://api.github.com/users/TheFoxAtWork/repos","events_url":"https://api.github.com/users/TheFoxAtWork/events{/privacy}","received_events_url":"https://api.github.com/users/TheFoxAtWork/received_events","type":"User","site_admin":false},"labels":[],"state":"open","locked":false,"assignee":null,"assignees":[],"milestone":null,"comments":1,"created_at":"2024-03-13T15:36:00Z","updated_at":"2024-03-14T08:44:04Z","closed_at":null,"author_association":"NONE","active_lock_reason":null,"body":"From today's TAC call there is a need to develop a Project Security Governance/process working group to assist the TAC in its projects in establishing good security practices and bootstrapping vulnerability management and response for projects.\r\n\r\nIndividuals interested in participating should comment on this issue for when the TAC approves this request.","reactions":{"url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/2/reactions","total_count":0,"+1":0,"-1":0,"laugh":0,"hooray":0,"confused":0,"heart":0,"rocket":0,"eyes":0},"timeline_url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/2/timeline","performed_via_github_app":null,"state_reason":null},"comment":{"url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/comments/1996881628","html_url":"https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/2#issuecomment-1996881628","issue_url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/2","id":1996881628,"node_id":"IC_kwDOLNOHas53Bf7c","user":{"login":"planetf1","id":7292002,"node_id":"MDQ6VXNlcjcyOTIwMDI=","avatar_url":"https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/7292002?v=4","gravatar_id":"","url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1","html_url":"https://github.com/planetf1","followers_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/followers","following_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/following{/other_user}","gists_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/gists{/gist_id}","starred_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/starred{/owner}{/repo}","subscriptions_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/subscriptions","organizations_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/orgs","repos_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/repos","events_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/events{/privacy}","received_events_url":"https://api.github.com/users/planetf1/received_events","type":"User","site_admin":false},"created_at":"2024-03-14T08:44:03Z","updated_at":"2024-03-14T08:44:03Z","author_association":"NONE","body":"Interested in participating, in particular as I see this as crucial for PQCA given it's aim in developing secure cryptographic algorithms. We need the processes around that to be best practice. (including closely following OSSF for example)","reactions":{"url":"https://api.github.com/repos/PQCA/TAC/issues/comments/1996881628/reactions","total_count":0,"+1":0,"-1":0,"laugh":0,"hooray":0,"confused":0,"heart":0,"rocket":0,"eyes":0},"performed_via_github_app":null}},"public":true,"created_at":"2024-03-14T08:44:04Z","org":{"id":150372837,"login":"PQCA","gravatar_id":"","url":"https://api.github.com/orgs/PQCA","avatar_url":"https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/150372837?"}}
